Improve documentation for deployment (#1789)
MarkBind/markbind: docs/userGuide/deployingTheSite.md

### Using the `markbind deploy` command

Running the **`markbind deploy`** command will deploy the most recent build of your site to the `gh-pages` branch of the repo `origin` and will be available. 

> Then, navigate to the page repo settings and set the source to the root of the `gh-pages` branch. You can read [this source](https://docs.github.com/en/pages/getting-started-with-github-pages/creating-a-github-pages-site#creating-your-site) on Github Pages for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, navigate to the `Settings > Pages` section on GitHub for that repository and set the source to the root of the `gh-pages` branch. You can read [this source](https://docs.github.com/en/pages/getting-started-with-github-pages/creating-a-github-pages-site#creating-your-site) on Github Pages for more details.
```

> Your site will be online at `http://<username|org>.github.io/<repo>` e.g., http://se-edu.github.io/se-book.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your site will be online at `http://<username|org>.github.io/<repo>` (e.g., http://se-edu.github.io/se-book).
```

To prevent the inclusion of the dot in the URL.
